Create Log templace (#6548)
ldtteam/minecolonies: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/11-log-report.md

---	

> name: Log Report - If citizen AI's has log issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Log Report - If a citizen AI has an issue
```

about: Please follow the given template
title: ''	
labels: Bug, AI Log
assignees: ''	

---	

<!-- PLEASE DO NOT DELETE TOPICS AS YOUR ISSUE WILL GET CLOSED -->
### Prerequisites <!-- Replace spaces with "x" to tick boxes. [ ] => [x] -->

> - [ ] I am running the latest **alpha** version of MineColonies and Structurize for my Minecraft version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I am running the latest **alpha** version of MineColonies for my Minecraft version.
```
Structurize isn't that relevant here, and isn't requested below

Author: is (might be) relevant but whatever

- [ ] I made sure that **this issue is not a duplicate of any existing issue.**

> ### Context <!-- Exact MineColonies and Structurize versions (e.g. 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE) *and* the Minecraft version you're playing, please.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Context <!-- Exact MineColonies version (e.g. 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE) *and* the Minecraft version you're playing, please.-->
```
see above comment

- Minecraft Version:
- MineColonies Version:

### Logs

> <!-- Add your latest.log and crashlog (if you have one) to https://gist.github.com/ and put the link below. These are often important in figuring out where issues are. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add your latest.log to https://gist.github.com/ and put the link below. This is often important in figuring out where issues are. -->
```
crashlog isn't requested below

- latest.log: <!-- USE GIST DON'T DIRECT UPLOAD PLEASE -->

> ## Steps to reproduce the issue / Details around

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps to reproduce the issue / details
```

<!-- What should we do to make this issue show up in our own game?

>      Try to give as much detail as possible here too so it's easier for us to reproduce this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Try to give as much detail as possible here so it's easier for us to reproduce this issue.
```

     OR
     Is there anything noticeable around this issue? -->

> Just reporting the AI issue. <!-- Delete this line if you want say something. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just reporting the AI issue. <!-- Delete this line if you want to say something else. -->
```
